1.2.1 announcement (#324)
flowforge/website: src/blog/2023/01/flowforge-1.2.1-released.md

---
title: FlowForge 1.2.1 released
subtitle: Release includes fix for emailing new user
description: Release includes fix for emailing new user
date: 2023-01-12 12:00:00.0
authors: ["ben-hardill"]
---

We've published a maintenance release containing a fix for new users.

<!--more-->

> 
> A [bug](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/issues/1514) was found that prevented new users signing up if their email addresses contained
> a `+` symbol. This error also prevented new users receiving their initial email verification email.
> 
> We found the error in the code supporting the use of Single Sign On providers.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This release fixes an [issue](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/issues/1537) introduced in FlowForge 1.2 where users were not being sent their welcome email when they first sign up to the platform. As the sign-up page asks them to click on the link in that email, it left them waiting for an email that wasn't going to arrive.

The same fix also addresses an [issue](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/issues/1514) where users could not sign up using an email with a `+` in it. This is a restriction we apply to users signing up with Single Sign-On enabled email domains - but the check was being applied to everyone.

```
